ESQL: Update text formats documentation (#2307)
elastic/docs-content: explore-analyze/query-filter/languages/esql-rest.md

The URL parameter takes precedence over the HTTP headers. If neither is specified then the response is returned in the same format as the request.
::::

::::{tip}

> In the "Tabular" formats, only the resulting data will be returned. Other response fields will be missing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the tabular formats, only the result data is returned. The other response fields, such as those specific to async processing, are returned as HTTP headers.
```

Reviewer 2: @ivancea alternatively you could have 3 little tables and introduce them with as much detail as you need in prose, just some ideas, don't have super strong opinions here :)

> Use them when you want a quick view of the results.

Reviewer 3: It's fine with me. And lines up with my feelings about that format. Great for seeing the results in a dense way as a human being. CSV may even be good out of `curl` too. But "applications" should use json.

The URL parameter takes precedence over the HTTP headers. If neither is specified then the response is returned in the same format as the request.
::::

#### Structured formats

Complete responses with metadata. Useful for automatic parsing.

| `format` | HTTP header | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Structured | | _Complete response with metadata_ |
| `json` | `application/json` | [JSON](https://www.json.org/) (JavaScript Object Notation) human-readable format |

> | `yaml` | `application/yaml` | [YAML](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/YAML) (YAML Ain’t Markup Language) human-readable format |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `yaml` | `application/yaml` | [YAML](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/YAML) human-readable format |
```

nit: not sure if it's useful to provide the recursive acronym 😄

Author: I also don't think it adds much, but we have it in every other format, so I'd say to keep it, even if just for normalization and _flavor_ 👀

Reviewer 2: nothing wrong with a bit of flavor 🫡
